Have you finished?
Has she called?
Have we met before?
Had he seen the movie?
Had it been fixed?
Why had you not told me about the problem?
Has he had enough sleep?
Has it had the desired effect?
Have you had the strength to keep going?
Will he have completed the task by Friday?
It has started.
Maria has finished reading her favorite book.
It had been fixed.
You had told me about the problem.
Sleep.
He's had enough sleep.
It has had the desired effect.
I will have time tomorrow.
We will have the results by the end of
the day.
We'll have the results by the end of the day.
It will have been fixed by then.
You haven't finished.
He hasn't arrived.
It hasn't started.
It hadn't been fixed.
You hadn't told me about the problem.
He hasn't had enough sleep.
We haven't had this conversation before.
It hasn't had the desired effect.
I won't have time tomorrow.
We won't have the meeting next month.
Haven't you finished?
Haven't you called you?
Hadn't she called you?
Hadn't we met before?
Hadn't it been fixed?
Haven't you had the desired effect?
Won't she have made a decision by next week?
Won't we have the results by the